Parabolized Navier Stokes
#########################
:Author: Roie R. Black
:Email: roie.black@gmail.com :Docs:
https://rblack42.github.io/parabolized-navier-stokes

This project recreates part of my research that was supposed to become my PhD
dissertation in Aerospace Engineering at Virginia Tech. Sadly, I never managed
to get the project completed. My only saving grace is that it took NASA eight
more years to get things working properly, after I had already worked on it for
five years!

The code presented here was developed in 1976 while I was working at the USAF
Aerospace Research Lab, an organization that funded my Master's work at
Virginia Tech. The folks at ARL then requested that I be assigned to them when
I entered active duty in 1973 to continue my research work. The code presented
solves the axisymmetric form of the equations for supersonic flow over an ogive
cylinder. The Fortram program served as the basis for several Master's thesis
projects while i was teaching at the Air Force Institute of Technology in the
early 1980s.

The research we were conducting back then was at the forefront of the
development of modern *Computational Fluid Dynamics* techniques in common use
today! Part of that research afforded me the experience of using
start-of-the-art supercomputers which have exploded in power in recent years.
CFD is so powerful now, these early projects barely are adequate for use as
teaching tools. I had so much fun working on this code back then, I decided it
needed a home where it might just spack some newcomer to this field to pursue
research into modern CFD techniques.

Most of this current project is written in Python, but the original Fortran
code is presented as well, recast into Fortran 2008 form.


